# NY Times Submission

- The clue for 43-Across should be [톷a톩t톩콂 s톩st톛m 칧톩s klu 톩z 톩n (abbr.)]. If this is too esoteric, feel free to use something more traditional, e.g. [Hoppy brew, for short].
- If the revealer of FISHNET isn't apparent on print, we could shade in the theme squares. Note: For visual clarity, I would prefer not to mark these squares with circles.
- If it's not too confusing, it would be cute to add an "eye" to the "fish" like the visual used by the 2025-11-12 NYT crossword. The location of the eye should be the cell just right of the centermost cell.
- PORT AUTHORITIES isn't an explicit themer, but I tried to work it into the grid over other eligible 15-letter entries since it seemed appropriate.

Optimally, the following items should be self-evident. However, to be absolutely clear, I've written them out anyway. These are items you should consider optional, i.e. if they don't click for you, feel free to edit them out.
- This grid uses unchecked squares as a part of its grid art. Given this rule-break, I tried to ensure the clues with unchecked squares were 100% unambiguous. Furthermore, I tried to ensure the unchecked squares were delightful, i.e., when read top-down, they appropriately spell SEA.
- In case it isn't obvious, the cells marked by circles represent "air bubbles" coming from the mouth of the fish. When read top-down, they appropriately spell GLUB.

As always, I'm happy to take feedback on this puzzle.

----

Thanks to the following people for playtesting and feedback:

[...]
