# It Is What It Is

## Design notes

Not good:

- artis.* (doesn't change meaning of "art")
- commis.* (don't like abbreviated form)
- curt is .* (no viable candidates)
- genes is .* (bad grammar)
- \*isable (doesn't change meaning of "able")
- .* disease (not many lighthearted entries)
- .*ision (no good candidates)
- .*isted (no fun candidates)
- .* issue (bad grammar)
- .* mistake (no good candidates)
- tennis .* (don't like abbreviated form)

6:

- nc is la (6)

7:

- mad is on (7)

8:

- ant is kid (8)
- ant is lid (8)
- ant is pam (8)
- art is try (8)
- call is to (8)
- char is ma? (8)
- fin is her (8)
- lo is lane (8)
- min is ode (8/9)
- min is try (8/10)
- orr is oil? (8)
- pun is her (8)
- web is ode (8/9)

9:

- ball is tic (9/10)
- dent is try (9)
- egot is tic? (9)
- fall is sue? (9/10)
- later is er (9/10)
- like is aid (9)
- narc is sus! (9)
- nom is take (9)
- orr is root? (9)
- stat is tic? (9/10) (doesn't change meaning)
- tax is quad (9)

10:

- brat is lava! (10)
- can is lupus/major/minor (10)
- cris is mode? (10)
- red is cover (10/11/12/13)

11:

- a tad is count (11)
- fashion is ta? (11/12) (doesn't change meaning)
- rot is series (11)
- will is tower? (11)

12:

- burning is sue? (12/13)
- franc is bacon! (12)
- franc is drake (12)
- front is piece? (12/13)
- red is tribute (12)
- sat is faction (12/13)

13:

- cris is averted? (13)
- cris is of faith (13)
- minimal is tart (13)
- par is syndrome (13)

14:

- par is agreement (14)

Titles:

- I See How It Is
- It Is What It Is
- Puzzle is Solve
- Tell It Like It Is
- What's Done is Done

Theme options:

- cris is averted (13) [Looked away from NFL's Collinsworth?]
- cris is center (12) [Reposition NFL's Collinsworth?]
- egot is tic (9) [Habitual showbiz wins?]
- fall is sue (9) [Motivation for a wet floor sign?]
- later is er (9) [Pre-emptively plan a hospital visit?]
- min is odes (9) [Small dedications?]
- nc is la (6) [Tarheel-Pelican merger?]
- par is las vegas (13) [Sin City standard?]
- par is metro (10) [Subway system standard?]
- par is syndrome (10) [Deem "The Incredibles" villain average?]
- par is texas (10) [Lone Star State standard?]
- rot is series (11) [TV season decay?]
- sat is factory (12) [College exam manufacturing?]
- tax is quad (9) [Publicly-funded college square?]
- tenn is anyone (12) ["No matter where you go, you'll always have The Volunteer State"?]
- tenn is racket (12) [Noise from Nashville?]
- web is odes (9) [Online dedications?]

Theme set?

- franc is bacon (12) [Swiss moolah?]
- sat is faction (12) [Senior's exam division?]
- edith is tory (11) [Loyalist "Downton Abbey" sister?]
- par is hilton (11) [Standard DoubleTree?]
- brat is lava (10) [Meltingly hot wurst?]
- can is major (10) [Warhol sculpture at Colorado State University?]
- ball is tic (9) [Habitually recurring gala?]
- leg is late (9) [Delayed race segment?]
- like is aid (9) [YouTuber's helpful thumbs-up?]
- narc is sus (9) [Sketchy-looking snitch, in slang?]
