# NY Times Submission

Hey, NY Times! I've been a crossword solver since the middle school days, and I thought I'd take a shot at making and submitting a 15x15 puzzle. As this is my first puzzle, I expect I'll need to calibrate for what the NYT is expecting from their submissions. I'm interested in hearing what you think.

Note: I am aware there is a puzzle published by the WSJ on July 7, 2016 with a similar theme.

----

Alternate set of clues for the theme entries that might be a bit more ticklish:

- HUM OR PIECE: Choose between making a buzz and making a whole?
- OUTDO OR STAGE: Choose between pulling ahead and pulling a stunt?
- METE OR SHOWER: Choose between dispensing justice or dispensing water?
- MAN OR HOUSE: Choose between taking people on and taking people in?

----

Credit to the following people for playtesting and feedback:

[...]

---

Hey NYT. 👋 Following feedback and digesting crossword resources, I've made a few revisions to this submission. Here are the updates I've made:

1. In addition to the theme entries, I've added a revealer in the middle in the form of OPERATING ROOM, clued as [Surgical site... or, when read differently, a hint to the answers of the starred clues].
2. I've created an alternate grid where the themer OUTDOOR STAGE is replaced with OUTDOOR SPORT. I originally included OUTDOOR STAGE as a themer as I was under the impression it was a specific phrase, but after doing more research, it seems like this is less familiar than originally expected.
3. I think I have a better handle now on what constitutes "interesting fill" vs. obscurities, so the revised grids should, hopefully, be more fun to solve. Fill "sparkliness" is still something I'm calibrating.
4. Overall, I've tried toning down the trickiness of the clues to fit a Thursday-level themed crossword better. In retrospect, the original set of clues were hovering toward end-of-week level or worse. Clue difficulty is still something I'm calibrating.

----

In short, there are three options for this crossword submission now:

1. Original
2. Original + revealer
3. New themer + revealer

Let me know if any of these alternatives catch your interest.
