I'm trying to find theme entries for a crossword with the following theme:

- Each theme entry consists of a real, in-the-language phrase (not an arbitrary word + word combo).
- The last word of each phrase must be able to be used as both a noun and a verb, where the verb means something different from the noun. Examples:
  - Good: "Present", because it means "gift" as a noun and "show" as a verb.
  - Bad: WATER FALLS because the "fall" in "waterfalls" refers to the action of falling.
- The primary meaning of the phrase should be a noun phrase, and the wordplay is that it should be interpretable as a noun + verb. Example:
  - Good: GLUE STICKS, because the "stick" in the common meaning of the word refers to its shape, not the fact that it's sticky.
  - Bad: FACT CHECKS, because the "check" in the common meaning of the word refers to checking, not to a monetary or visual check.
- The "wordplay" version of the term should be logical, assuming punctuation is flexible. Examples:
  - Good: LIGHT SHOWS, because light logically shows.
  - Bad: TEA LEAVES, because tea doesn't naturally leave something.
  - Bad: CARGO SHIPS, because cargo _is shipped_ rather than ships.
- Ideally, each term should be 100% grammatically correct. Phrases that end up sounding like "caveman-speak" to make work are suboptimal. Examples:
  - Preferred: HOT AIR BALLOONS, because this is a complete sentence.
  - Suboptimal: EGG ROLLS, because you need an article to make that a proper English sentence.
- Try to keep entries <= 15 letters long. Ideally, they should be around 10 letters long.

Bonus points if you can think of a revealer for this set of entries that's fun.

Rules for the revealer:

- The revealer should be between 7 and 15 letters long (inclusive).
- The revealer should specifically indicate that each word phrase works as both a _noun_ and a _sentence_ (or at least, verb). I'm feeling something along the lines of the idea of "taking another action" as you would in a game would work, but please be creative!
- Don't suggest tautologies like "It is what it is". These phrases don't riff on the dual meaning of each term.
