> What are some fun, non-trite, in-the-language terms that express obvious truths? The crossword theme I am working with is FACT CHECK, and I want my themers to be fun facts to be checked.
> 
> Good examples of what I'm looking for:
> 
> - CATS DON'T DANCE (13) (name of a popular movie)
> - ROSES ARE RED (11) (start of a poem)
> - NO MAN IS AN ISLAND (15) (saying)
> 
> Bad examples of what I'm looking for:
> 
> - THE SKY IS BLUE (12) (too boring)
> - CATS ARE ANIMALS (14) (not a "real" phrase)
> - BLOOD IS THICKER THAN WATER (23) (too long)
> - DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER (not true, even diamonds erode)
> 
> Notes:
> - Feel free to take inspiration from all types of phrases, including those from pop culture!
> - I would prefer phrases of length 15 or shorter.
> - These phrases should unequivocally be truths, to the point they could be "captain obvious" statements. If there is any room for doubt, leave the saying out.
> - Don't list tautologies, e.g. IT IS WHAT IT IS.
> - Bonus points if the saying uses the letter A somewhere around the middle!
> - Bonus points if the phrase is exactly 9, 11, or 15 letters long.

---


> I'm looking for words that match the following rules:
> - It can be parsed as a grammatically-accurate noun + verb combination.
> - The noun + verb combination makes logical sense.
> - The word altogether means something completely different than the noun + verb combination.
> 
> Examples:
> 
> - SNOWDROPS: GOOD. Snow usually falls and the meaning of "snowdrop" doesn't literally mean "snow drops".
> - WATERFALLS: BAD. Water can fall, but "waterfalls" literally means "falling water" already, so there's no wordplay involved.
> - FIREFLIES: BAD. Is grammatically sound, and fireflies =/= flying fire, but flying fire isn't a real thing.
> - SUNBURNS: BAD. The sentence "sun burns" sounds like caveman-speak, not proper English.
> 
> Keep in mind, like mass nouns seem like they have the best chance of "working" for this wordplay puzzle.
